hi everyone this is lawrence for
waystowatch.com and today we're going to
do the unboxing of the Sony BDP s 5100
blu-ray player this episode
waystowatch.com is brought to you by
Backblaze online backup made easy
protect your data and media from all
catastrophes with Backblaze start your
15 day trial at waystowatch.com for its
last Backblaze so here we have the Sony
BDP s 5100 blu-ray player
it plays blu-ray 3d blu-ray disc DVD and
it comes with wireless internet built in
at the bottom here they point out some
of the highlighted features of this
particular blu-ray player Sony internet
audio and video playing Netflix Hulu
Plus YouTube Pandora crackle Vudu and
cinema now amongst a long list of video
options of course it plays Full HD 3d
video triluminos color a Sony Technology
USB play and TV sideview it simulates 3d
by taking a 2d blu-ray disc and
converting it to 3d for 3d televisions
it's DLNA certified which is the
networking protocol and of course they
have to list is the official blu-ray
disc player for the Brazil World Cup
coming up in 2014 and on this different
sides of the box is just reiterations of
the information that is on the front
here is highlighting TV sideview and it
just mentions to you that you need HDMI
cables that's the means to connect this
blu-ray player to your television on the
other side it just lists out some of the
other protocols that are covered in this
particular blu-ray player compact discs
super audio CD Dolby true HD DTS HD
master audio and a few other protocols
listed here let's go ahead and get the
box off and see what's inside first up
we have the remote the remote that comes
with the Sony blu-ray player you know it
feels a little plastic it's not as nice
as some high-end remotes like something
you would get say from Logitech or a
specialized remote but it has a rare
convenient feature the built-in Netflix
button for quick easy access that's
always a nice feature to have we have
here batteries for the remote that's
nice that they includes that some
paperwork explaining how you can save
some money with Sony buying some other
Sony products and I'm sure the
instruction manual and the warranty
comes inside there and a little
difficult to getting it out of the box
alright now we have the blu-ray player
and my initial impression is it is a
great looking device very simple
interface you have your eject button
play button stop and a power on the
front with a nice little cover for a USB
interface here on this end you have the
blu-ray disk drive on the back you have
the digital out PCM DTS Dolby Digital
coaxial connection the HDMI out
connection your Ethernet connection and
a power USB connector here on the top of
the blu-ray player you see some of the
protocols that are supported here DVD
super audio CD compact discs Wi-Fi Dolby
true HD and DTS HD audio protocols so
here we have it the Sony BDP s 50 100
blu-ray player I'm really looking
forward to connecting this to my
television to see if it lives up to all
of the hype all of the great reviews
I've read about it we're gonna write our
own review at waystowatch.com
to see what we really think of this
player and the see if it's a great buy
for you now be sure to check out our
website waystowatch.com like us at
Facebook and follow us on Twitter and
definitely subscribe at the button below
to our youtube channel this is lawrence
for waystowatch.com
you